###Potential Marketing Slogans
Get better with names. Right now.
NameGame has one purpose: To help you remember names.
Remember the people you meet. 
As soon as you connect to someone on LinkedIn, they're part of your set of faces/names to remember.


###The Problem
You meet a future client at a business event. You connect on LinkedIn.  Two weeks later you run into the prospect, but you can't remember their name! This scenario leads to embarassment and lost income.

###The Solution: Name Game
NameGame is an iPad app that trains your brain to remember names and faces. The app pulls from your LinkedIn connections, so there is no extra work for you to do. All you have to do is log in with your LinkedIn userid and password. The app will store photos and names locally on your device, so you can practive with the app offline. After you sync with LinkedIn, you only need to connect to the web for updates.

###Cost 
$2.99 introductory price on the iPad

50% discount code available for a limited time during launch.

###Dale Carnegie Quote
Dale Carnegie, author of *How to Win Friends and Influence People*, emphasizes the value of names in his book.

"A person's name is to him or her the sweetest and most important sound in any language."
~Dale Carnegie

###MVP Features
Pull photos & names from LinkedIn.
Store connection info locally on the iOS device.
Include a 1-page lesson on how to remember names & faces. Something from Harry Lorrayne?
Use Justin Munger's "content, not chrome" examples for the NameGame GUI.

###Future Features
Game center integration? Make it competitive!
Tell friends (thru the app): I'm using iKnowYou to become a more effective networker.
Create groups in LinkedIn. They're immediately reflected in the app. Before you go to an event, review the names/photos in that group.
Add photos from sources outside of LinkedIn
Add notes from sources outside of LinkedIn
Show recent tweets for the connection.
Show recent LinkedIn posts for the connection.


###FAQs
####Will it Run on the iPhone?
An iPhone version is in the works. We chose to start with the iPad first because this is a very visual app. 
